WPJU8 on old site -> WPU8 is file A. & A. Service Company Ltd. (Riverview Site)
WPJU7 on old site -> WPU7 is file A. & A. Anderson Tank Service Limited

Canadian Media Production Association -- cannot find its own agreement, listed as master 
	e.g., Dark Productions Inc. ("Dark Universe") - see also Canadian Media Production Association (Collective Agreement)	
	e.g., Drax (Canada) Productions Inc. ("The Ninth Life Of Louis Drax") - see also Canadian Media Production Association (Collective Agreement)	


American Income Life Insurance Company - http://www.lrb.bc.ca/cas/WUD7.pdf - file missing


WV139 on old site -> WVI39 is file

WVA27 on old site (comes after B.C. Conveying Machinery Ltd.) has no employer -- http://www.lrb.bc.ca/cas/WVA27.pdf -- looks like it is also B.C. Conveying Machinery Ltd.

B.C. Government and Service Employees' Union (BCGEU) Agreements is a link and has no PDF -- removed from my list for now

Construction Labour Relations Association of British Columbia\'s web site of Collective Agreements is a link and has no PDF -- removed from my list for now

B.C. Government and Service Employees' Union (BCGEU) (as employer) - http://www.lrb.bc.ca/cas/WXD37.pdf - file is missing

WJ11 on old site -> WQJ11 is file Canada/British Columbia Business Services Society	

WUV7 on old site -> WUV6 is file D C Traffic Control (1966) Ltd.	

WRZ15 is missing - Douglas Lake Equipment Limited Partnership	

WSC15 on old site -> WSC1 is file Fraser-Fort George, Regional District of	

WTH61 on old site -> WTG19 is file Government of The Province of British Columbia	

WTk13 on old site -> WTK13 is file Island Asphalt Company, Duncan Paving Company, Tayco Paving Company, O.K. Paving Company, Island Crushing Company, divisions of O.K. Industries Ltd., Haylock Bros. Paving Ltd.	

WYR2 on old site -> WRY2 is file Joye Morris Health Services Inc.	

WRSO16 on old site -> WSO16 is file Quadra Daycare Society	


Greater Vancouver Hotel Employers Association (Delta Pacific Resort & Conference Centre & Suehiro Japanese Steak House, Delta Vancouver Airport Hotel & Marina, Four Seasons Hotel, Holiday Inn Vancouver Centre, Hyatt Regency Vancouver, Renaissance Vancouver Hotel Harbourside, The Westin Bayshore) was too long.

Hospitality Industrial Relations (Best Western Langley City Motor Inn, Coast Whistler Hotel, Pacific Palisades Hotel, Parkhill Hotel, Quality Hotel Downtown-Inn at False Creek, Ramada Inn Vancouver Centre) was too long.

Ministry of Health Services (Fraser Health Authority, Interior Health Authority, Northern Health Authority, Provincial Health Services Authority, Vancouver Coastal Health Authority, Vancouver Island Health Authority) was too long.

Motion Picture Studio Production Technicians of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees and Motion Picture Technicians, Artists and Allied Crafts of the United States and Canada Local 891 was too long.

Post Secondary Institutions including; Camosun College, College of New Caledonia, College of the Rockies, Douglas College, Nicola Valley Institute of Technology, North Island College, Northern Lights College, Northwest Community College, Okanagan College, Selkirk College, Vancouver Community College was too long.

Terminal Sawmill, a Division of Terminal Forest Products Ltd.; Terminal Planer Mills, a Division of Terminal Forest Products Ltd.; Mainland Sawmills, a Division of Terminal Forest Products Ltd.; Langdale Log Sort, a Division of Terminal Forest Products Ltd. was too long.

Vancouver Terminal Elevators' Association (on behalf of) Viterra Inc. - Cascadia Terminal, Viterra Inc. - Pacific Terminal, Richardson International Limited, Cargill Limited, Alliance Grain Terminal Ltd. was too long.

Waste Management of Canada Corporation - (Vernon - Kelowna - Westbank - Salmon Arm - Dawson Creek - Invermere - Golden - Cranbrook - Castlegar - Trail - Nelson - Penticton - Grand Forks - Peachland - Summerland - Kaleden Junction - Price George) was too long.

Waste Management of Canada Corporation - (Vernon - Fernie - Kelowna - Westbank - Salmon Arm - Dawson Creek - Fort St. John - Cranbrook - Invermere - Golden - Castlegar - Trail - Nelson - Penticton - Grand Forks - Peachland - Summerland - Kaleden Junction - Price George - Terrace - Burns Lake - Williams Lake - Kitimat - Elkford and Smithers) was too long.
